<---1.8 Changelog--->
New Features
<Dimensional Crystal>
Created new Dimensional Crystal panel. It's new, shiny, and should hopefully make everything make far more sense regarding the Dimensional Crystal system.
Added Dimensional Crystal images (created by Rendrassa)
Added Dimensional Crystal Introduction & Darkening Events (created by Rendrassa, Text Edit by Aric)
Added new Dimensional Crystal ability: Empowered Virginity. It allows a trade of sorts, allowing 5x 

<Entrancement>
In Vanilla, Entrancement just ensures the slave will gain Masochist and Enjoys Anal. I've tied it in so that it guarantees the next encouragement, whether Fetish, Consent, or Number of Kids.
Also added a minor text detail to indicate entrancement on talking as well as on removal.
>Initial Want/More/Less Kids: Reduced both to a 75% chance (if successful) to eliminate the impossible to fail check. Added Entrancement to Auto-Succeed then remove.
>Fetishes: The Discovery is guaranteed. Encouraging or Discouraging is guaranteed then removes.
>Consent: Guarantees then removes.
Entrancement only costs mana if successful (why spend for no result?)

<Fetishes>
Eliminated the Encourage/Discourage options for Fetishes at Mindblowing/Taboo respectively.

<Mansion Changes>
Added Headgirl portrait to Mansion main screen (You gotta give the Headgirl some love)

<Names>
Expanded Names list for most races - Rendrassa

<Traits>
Added new mental Traits - Rendrassa

<Images>
Added functionality for pregnant unique images.
Added updated Tia images - Rendrassa
Added Pregnant Images for Ayneris, Chloe, Emily, Irvana, and Tisha
Added an Aric's Expansion Banner to Main Screen

<Tearing System>
Added new Disables to the Vaginal/Anal Tearing system so those specifically can be disabled.
Search for "#Disable Tearing System"

<Repeatable Quests>
Added 12 new repeatable quests - Rendrassa

<End of Day>
Added Days Unmilked prompt

BugFix and Misc Stuff
Colorized a comparison for the Luxury display in MindRead
Fixed Vices EOD Alerts showing in Global instead of Job reports
Fixed Vices breaking Player Inspect
Changed the Jail Text alert to once per day for the Player instead of per Slave
Removed Talk Quick-Strip (unneeded with Toggle)
Colorized the Fetish Text in Talk Sexuality
Fixed the Raise Child hybrid option from the incorrect showing 100 Gold to 250 on the button to make the cost and tooltip
Fixed "Rename" option for Master's Name showing up behind full images
Fixed Sebastian Order Ready result when no order placed
Fixed can "Assist Researcher" forever loop with No More Abilities check and No More Non-Sex Interactions check - Reported by Fabian
Fixed Researcher Job Text not showing anything in Job Panel - Reported by Fabian
Fixed Sebastian Order Ready result when no order placed - Reported by Abel
Tweaked Ren's Trait results from +/-10 to 20 - Fabian
Fixed "Close" button showing on DimCrystal Panel (have to disable state)
Fixed Farm displaying text when no Farm was built
Fixed color = yellow issue in expansiontravel - Reported by Abel
Fixed Hairstyle missing for Bald
Removed Crystal Research convo from Once per Day
Fixed the Swollen Belly description coming after the Privates section
Removed popup addition to Dialogue as no one could remember why it was added (fixed layer issue)
Fixed Ovulation updating before pregnancy leading to pregnancy when they weren't ovulating in the player's perspective
Fixed the Bald descriptions in Inspect panels
Added Womb is Sterile text in the description - Ankmairdor
Fixed any comparisons of person.penis != null to 'none' - Ankmairdor
Colorized all $name calls
Fixed "can barely feel" alert text in sex scenes to red

-----------v1.8a-----------
Fixed IMAGE_PREG for uniques being in the first enum instead of second - Reported by Ankmairdor
Reverted name colorization in dictionary (will have to think of an alternative method, $name is called by non-BBcode text nodes - Reported by Valcyor and Ankmairdor
Reverted nightly_womb ovulation order of operations fix - Reported by Ankmairdor
Moved DaysUnmilked from dailyMilked (apparently it is never called anymore) to dailyLactation - Reported by Ankmairdor

